The Barclays app
How to register the Barclays app on a new device
It may help if you download
the app on your new device
before continuing to create an activation code.
From the home screen, tap on the 'Help' button.
Then select 'Register the app on a new device'.
Read the information and then tap 'Continue'.
A scam warning pop up will appear,
tap on 'Still want a code?' to accept.
Verify your number is correct.
To generate an activation code,
there are two options you can choose from.
If you tap 'Generate a numerical code'
an eight digit activation code will appear
that you'll need to make a note of.
Make a note of the 8-digit activation code.
If you choose to generate a QR Code,
a QR code will appear.
Please don't close the screen
as you'll need the QR code
to scan it on a new device.
Next download the app on your new device.
Tap 'Register for the app'.
Create a memorable 5-digit passcode.
Then re-enter it.
Read through the terms and conditions
and tap 'Accept'.
If you have a numerical code,
select ‘Yes’ to enter the 8-digit
activation code from your old device.
If you have a QR code,
select 'No, Continue without'.
You will then need to select the account
you’d like to register with.
If you are ready to go, tap ‘Continue’.
Next, tap 'Yes' and then select
the option to 'Use my other device'.
In order to scan the QR code
from your old device,
you will need to allow
access to your camera.
If you're happy with this, tap 'OK'.
Position the QR code within the frame,
and if this is recognised,
a green tick will appear.
Next, enter your mobile number
which you'll need to enter twice.
Tap 'Continue'.
If the details we have for you
are correct, tap 'Continue'.
We'll then send you a
6-digit mobile verification code.
Once you've received it,
enter your 6-digit code
and tap 'Continue'.
Tap 'OK - Continue'.
Finally, choose a meaningful word or phrase.
Tap 'Continue' and your
registration will be complete.